0:00
So, we are helping manufacturers on that journey towards the future industrial operations, but always with an eye on making changes and innovating, but without equivocation player, they've been quite mad. We've been doing this for over 100 years. So we it was interesting. There's been quite a lot of discussion around the importance of domain expertise. AI is going to do so many things for us. But we're going to need the domain experts to understand what how a particular system works so that you can then train the our hands down if it was giving you back sensible results and so so we said we are a company and domain expertise in the industry information, information space, and just one small thing which I'm deeply proud is as much of what we do how we do it, like so and then and then drink money tree. Rockwell as it has been for many previous years, was voted one of the world's most ethical companies, and also one of the 50 best places to work for innovators for the innovators that are already working in video. So I just wanted to start briefly with a bit of a why like why are customers why do manufacturers Why do our customers take the time to build digital twins? Why don't they just do everything in the physical world and not bother because obviously was accurate evolve, although based upon few seconds, I think that effort can be about dramatically reduced. I could just say build a warehouse with an ASRS and a football list and compare it.

1:33
I just need to work my chat property right. So

1:35
so that might be honestly that might be next year's presentation is around that. But anyway, today, use digital twins that are built traditionally, shall we say by engineers, and so to where your customers take the time and effort to do that. There's kind of three main areas that our customers talk about. And the first is demonstration and there's been a lot of discussion this week about the importance of a visual. If you are about to spend a lot of money manufacturing is a capital intensive endeavor. If you're just about to spend a lot of money on the seat in a different way. Often it starts with trying to sell that concept to somebody who's kind of write the check or at least write the first check to take a closer look at whether that technology is feasible. So this is an example of a novel way to move car bodies through a production line. Using linear motors. It's traditionally been done with chains since pretty much the time to volunteer. And so when you're building these demonstrations, that primarily it's a visual you're trying to build. And customers do that by dragging and we have 1000s of standard manufacturing access like robots and conveyors and all that kind of bits and pieces that you typically find in a manufacturing facility. So they can drag those in but then they also could be more meant that with cabinet they bring in because they can package meet and throw that together and they can produce these nice these nice visuals. So I guess the takeaway from this is the visual really matters. And we are combining pre built manufacturing assets with the chasm that CAD CAM is becoming increasingly complex increasingly detailed to hold that thought that's that's kind of important

3:10
and quite quickly and quite quick to assemble that document

3:17
so the next thing is similar. It's not demonstration is a beautiful visual, but it doesn't really tell me what throughput you'd expect to get from that point. And you really are going to need to know that to justify major capital expense. The second way people use the software is to build simulations. So that simulation takes that same kind of information and outputs an overlay of discrete event simulation and also physic solvers, so that we can do things that are really possible in the real world so we can kind of get ourselves so we can build these simulations and the simulations will in this case, it's a warehouse. You know, there's a lot going on here. There's there's product coming in. There's has to be stored retrieved. We've got robots, we've got a PhDs report that trucks running around. So there's a lot going on here and to understand how this works. on Cyber Monday, which is often what companies that run these for home warehouses want to know is on the outside the one day am I going to be able to manage all that, that peak of demand and so they'll build these simulations and they will get results that frankly will be in the spreadsheet right at the end of the day. The spreadsheet will have a number of them will tell them is this system to be able to cope but again, the visual is actually really important in telling the story of how it's going to work. These are basically there might be a mathematical simulations that give you real numbers that you can use to dimension and checking model responses. Again, reducing risk this whole thing about I want to make a change. I want to check that that change is going to be done that way was in

4:48
Knoxville Tennessee situation, when you're asking for capital investment and show the spreadsheet versus showing the simulation like that. It makes a big difference.

4:58
And then the third thing that our customers do with these digital twins and this is actually where actually the highest value is is something we call virtual commissioning. So manufacturing is powered by things called PLCs. That won't be a shock to his audience because I saw lots of hands go up Rockwell Automation has a very well known brand Allen Bradley. We've made PLCs forever. They are what basically controls manufacturing all around the world. And there is a job that has to be done with programming those and all the associated system intelligent devices that are going to be connected to that system, which make machines do what machines have to do. Now. commissioning is a thing that has to be done at some point and back in the day. My first job out of college was onsite commissioning back in the day commissioning was on site. So you would sit in front of a physical machine, loaded some product, try your code, see if it were made changes and this initiative process would take days, weeks, weekends, months, you know this is a this is a long, laborious process. And of course all the time you're sat in front of an expensive capital asset, and the customer just wants you to be producing so instead, it's a time where really, you just want to reduce trade that process down to the shortest possible time, but it's also a bit of a high pressure environment. And frankly vulnerable with a great work environment, the production house on the factory floor. So what our customers do today is they do the lion's share of that virtual commissioning against the digital model that they have already built. So they can either connect a physical PLC to the model or they can we actually have emulators they can use as well. So depends on their preference. So that means they can write all that control code. And actually they can collect the human machine interfaces and they can connect all the other systems you might have some sort of MES system associated with it. So all those other ancillary systems, intelligent devices or printer drivers so all those IO all those are the things that you need to basically program you can get, I would say 80 90% of the way through that job. And then when you tap on site, you're just doing troubleshooting and fine tuning and dramatically reduces the time taken. Most of the work we do sadly is under NDA. So we can't often talk specifics, or we're very grateful that a customer presented one of our easy meetings. And the company ECM exactly carburized as they were commissioning is in Latin America as a French company. So imagine your hours away from home and it would normally take 10 months commission one of these systems, the highly complex systems used to harden metal as they used in the aerospace industry, and they reduce that to five. So that is a five month saving on site. So if you think about the human impact as well as the cost of dimension that the line is in production by seriously whether those two so this this, this virtual commissioning is a really important piece of why our customers bother to take the time to build digital twins. So when we talk about accelerating the time to valley, that's basically what we're talking about because our customers now spend far longer in the digital world before they commit to the physical world because when they commit to the physical world, it's a lot quicker to get the value, ie machines pieces.

8:15
I'd say robots EMR obviously at this conference, they get a lot of love. But factories there's 1000s of iostat one machine 1000s of AIOs. And that's what takes a lot of time, that's the bread and butter of factories and make them run. So it's really important that we have digital solutions for those be able to make digital twins and

8:32
work with those and make great study videos. I

8:34
know there are sensors, color sensors.

8:39
Just one thing I want to quickly cover is I often get asked the question when we talk about interest rates also. So your engineers must spend all their day with headsets on right because everybody does this an extended reality. And you know, I think honestly we thought a few years ago that that was what was going to happen. It didn't happen and I think anybody who's wearing a headset will know why you would want to wear or eight hours. But I will say obviously that as the technology improves the whole time, they will say that there's some time they extend reality levels to be in the model, rather than looking at is in order to get a perspective of scale, for instance, would have been able to point things out with somebody else. There is a value in that and so we do we do offer that at any point in that journey from demonstration controls testing if you'd rather be in the model, rather than just looking at it on a regular screen. You can put a headset on plug in you can put in your straight as a model. And I think that you know as headsets become more comfortable and I think work on that I think this is something we'll see more of that but I just wanted to make that point that whilst that's an option is we've noticed it's not always used for all day long.

9:42
No not at all. But it is usually very useful because a sense of ergonomics and scale you can throw a headset on and you have a full life size machine that you're seeing. Is the HMI too high. Can you see the stack light? Ie stop buttons, all that stuff you can start seeing right there in the VR that scale and it gives you a sense of is it correct? Is there a problem that you've identified for the building?

10:06
And then just in terms of the applications I've already touched on this but some some systems we build a very large selling automated warehouse, sensors, distribution centers, so very large models. baggage handling systems tend to be pretty big in terms of physical scale as well. Maybe not hugely complex from a control point of view, but 1000s of IO there will frequency drives so so kind of quite high intelligent device count. And then you know things like production lines, robot cells. So this intelligent cartoon is talking about in a second. I was actually just reminded yesterday to remember that actually we did a project I certainly can't offer the real customers but are one of our systems in place. In the USA. She did a project for a company called the Republic national distribution company I have I feel like I haven't heard of them. They are apparently very large. And they're they basically are like a distribution company. And they have a facility it's only half a lot of the road repair actually requires so they remind you of someone called Morgan Hill and they have a distribution center up there that ships about 3 million cases of beer Wine and Spirits he shares in Silicon Valley so it would appear innovation lessness but anyway, so they what's really nice about this model is first of all, it was down and presented so I can show it. But the other thing is that they're actually using the digital twin we often get this question like okay, and yet people build these digital twins and he's more works commissioning, but not everybody then goes on to use it on a day to day basis but they're using this digital twin every single day. So once they know what they need to share what the thirsty the first thing people need. They make a run that through the twin and they can figure out they can weigh several times and try different strategies whether for the people whether for the trucks, how to find union breaks, and they can do that intuitively in the digital world. So when they finally commit that, you know five in the morning when they first started shipping they know that there's going to be everything's gonna happen to him he's gonna get what they're excited because they've ironed out all the wrinkles. This is a such a nice, nice example of using that technology and actually using it through to through the runtime story as well. So, so far, pretty happy story. So So why are we here? You know, why did we you know, why did we need that video, you know, what was it about that video in the video technology that caused us to be here to present today? Well, when we think about some of the challenges when we're building those digital twins, of those types in the future, there's there's a few things that that start to kind of take us to an area where where we might we find it problematic for us and so things like so so it is a real team sport manufacturing is a real team sport, lots of stakeholders across geographies and time, so time zones, everybody's distributed. Obviously, that's not unusual manufacturing. While you're trying to bring all those engineers together to design out of their designs. You know that that can be a challenge. Also, manufacturers or builders, not just one equipment providers, multiple equivalent providers with different expertise. So all that equip has been designed by different teams, but for sure, when it comes together in the physical world, it will have to work together nicely. So that's something else that you have to kind of manage as well. And also, there is a increased complexity just like the Genesis feature, we see more technology being brought to bear things like AI. Well, manufacturing will service adopting new technologies and the general trend is more flexibility. So the old day and he wants to get from A to B it would just be the conveyor or maybe a human. Now it could be AMR now it could be an intelligence capacity system, which which can route maximally around different routes. So using linear motors so So flexibility is going up and also complexity. And then of course all the different options that are starting to multiply as well. As potentially so So flexibility and complexity increasing. But all the while because we have that high value virtual commissioning pieced the models, we've done all that extra complexity in the model, but it still has to run on time because we want to connect to people secrets and control systems. So So traditionally, when you're running simulations is against so that when you when you have too much physics too much going on, you slow down. Well, we could we can't say that we have to run real time data processing. So in 2022, we identify the omniverse as potential technical solution. To some of this. And what we were thinking was that way that the omniverse can aggregate all this all these different visual sources of information into one place would be super useful. So each equipment provider could push them on to the omniverse, the architect with a BIM information that could be pushed into the omniverse. And then you can have a stakeholders call where you can collaborate, collaboratively, see everything together in one place. And that, you know, frankly, if nothing else helps SPOT system integration issues because as crazy as it sounds, sometimes we need help on site. There'll be a piece of equipment here and a piece of equipment, there cannot be a space between them somebody somehow overlooked the thing that will connect

15:28
so you can start again because you'll make some of those mistakes in the digital world and those systems integration issues and catch the recording goes side. But then also what was really huge for us was, up until this point where we ran a simulation, we always had to run it as one model. And what this allowed us to do was run multiple models and then stream them back together in reverse. And that was a really big deal because discrete event simulation only runs on a single thread so that enabled us to then start using multiple CPU threads running several simulations, but there was a set stream back in one place so so that's why we first looked at Omniverse and this is the first proof of concept we build. So we have a raw file according to GTCs automation fair, is in November. And we wanted to show this to our customers for the first time. So we built this proof of concept. And it was it was pretty simple. But you can see there's there's two there's two pieces of equipment looks like there's an ASRS or automated storage retrieval system and some racking system as well. And you can see they're both running separate simulations. And then they've been brought together in Omniverse. This is actually using create, which I think is now called us. Services. You can see that within a aggregate that but we're also able to aggregate into the architectural software. So like where's the steel work? It matters right? So we have to be able to locate our equipment and around around the building fabric. So this is the this is the first proof of concept. We showed this in November 2022. had fabulous customer feedback. Emery said this is really going to help and so we said okay, we'll make a regular thing. And so we actually released our first omnibus connector, couple of months later on at the end of 2002. And what I thought you'd like to see now maybe is a couple of projects that we've done, and I'll just kind of show you a few videos. And talk a bit about what's going on and how the universe health. So this is a context alized sort of context is basically how a relays that are used in automation to switch motors on all things all things any any high current device and this line as you can see the features and there's a lot going on here. So the product is being transported through using one of these linear modes because as you can see, this is kind of latest technology in terms of how we're moving product. Obviously you can see we're using a lot of robotics. It's a fully automated production line. So it's from end to end is fully automated, no humans in the loop as such. So a lot of robotics, a lot of kinematics going on, like CAD details. So you can see it's taking a lot of those boxes in terms of there's a lot of CAD there's a lot of kinematics going on this these intelligent movers. And we're solving for those as well. So a pretty heavy model. And prior to the omniverse we couldn't you know render this model out it like this in real time. And so we were able that for the first time we were able to put it I think it was broken into three parts and then string back into Omniverse and read it out. So for the first time we were able to actually produce a nice high quality rendering of the contact line running.

18:56
And then, last year, we acquired an EMR company, and they have this series of AMRs called autos. And so we wanted to be able to show how the AMRs can be added to that farms and could be used to bring in the raw materials and take away the finished product which at this point is a manual process. But the fleet manager simulation software that auto use wasn't compatible with our environment. So what we were able to do was take the existing model we had and then do the simulation of the AMRs from the fleet manager software as required company and stream that backwards on the bus. So we were basically able to again, it's that whole ability to bring different sources of truth in different simulations all together into the same environment. So using that technique, we were then able to start to model how many AMRs you did I mean, I know it's It sounds crazy, but but it's it's it's non trivial. In fact sometimes more MRIs can be worse, not better, not just in your back pocket, but also because it does get in the way of each other. And you'll notice because they're running light, are they a little hesitant sometimes when they think they've seen something and if they come across each other, they'll actually slow down and go around each other. And so sometimes more is not actually better counter intuitively. So to actually want to do simulations is kind of important. If you want to understand the optimal number there are select exactly what we'll do. We'll run the 234567 for different skew mix history and then we'll get a result which will tell us the right number of animals to use.

20:37
I think we are either going to have so many questions about that.

20:45
And then the other thing I just want to show you which is again, the importance of the visual I was just visiting we actually have a Yeah, I started the San Pedro markets a couple of blocks from here. So we have a technology center there and we were just visiting a couple of days ago and I was reminded that actually we had this model of a this is actually a demonstrator over in the Evie industry, how you lose battery packs and medical lots of small cells which individually have to be checked and if they inject anything failed injecting and then they stack up the little segments that go into the pipe batches, right? You guys had agreed on yesterday. Well, but that's essentially what it does. Yes. I was reminded that we have this rendering of this, this machine made by Eagle tech in that center. And something one of my developers had said to me, so again, this is like them to buy the visual. And you notice like as we come around the back how we're able to make that palette become transparent. So you can see the Automation Components inside. So if you're using Omniverse and you've you've rendered to it, actually within Omniverse it gives some ability to make automated changes you can move you can change camera policy focus, you can change the material properties make it transparent, which is what's happening here. You can play around with the lighting, most simulation environments, including ours, you can't actually change the lighting. So you have to be flexible, all simulations so this is a really nice way to to be able to add some of those kind of like After Effects. So So now our engineering digital twin, the one that's being used for virtual commissioning, the one that's being used to introduce the numbers to justify the ROI for capital investment can also be SP called a pretty model that we can use to produce the marketing materials, etc, etc. can all be the same. They don't have to be multiple

22:33
different models, building one through the multiple steps.

22:37
And now I'm going to add up a great little bit about sending semiconductor to what you need in a semiconductor and how numbers came to the rescue. And we have a little sizzle video that will Yes. So I'll just run the video and then we see what's going on. Perfect.

23:01
It's Friday afternoon. All right. Another week of dealing with missing locks, Cycle Time changes, vital tools and labor shortages, all resulting in yield losses and unmet production goals. Looks like you and your team are working through leakage. If you need to address challenges like unconventional cleaning spaces, inefficient transfers and packing limited for space, we can help the Rockwell Automation automated material handling system is engineered for existing and expanding semiconductor fabs and foundries. Our solution leverages innovative independent Park technology, helping you to improve your efficiency, streamline workflows, optimize for space and reduce overall labor intensity. Coupled with an interactive simulation process allows you to gain a high level of predictability and confidence before the system is even built. It's a highly scalable, modular end to end solution that will fit within your facts existing footprint. Let's take a closer look. Unlike traditional conveyance systems,

24:15
but combine the right data so the reason for showing this video is to show like a lot of manufacturers they're looking to modernize and I'm sure everyone thinks so semiconductor you think Intel AMD AMD TSMC for manufacturing, and then the latest Gen. That's but there's a lot of manufacturing a lot of fabs out there so many doctors that aren't believed ship, but they're still very important ships. They're ending up everywhere, right? Maybe not your phones or computers, but thermostats speakers everywhere, right? Everything has its shipping anomalies. And so in this example here, you have a very manual operation you have operators pushing those carts stays on the beginning of that video with waiting for boxes on top, going from process tool to process tool. And fads are quite big is never just one that is usually quite a few times and they're all interconnected. And so the operators they're navigating about over 10 miles a day. In those suits, moving wafer boxes around. And so when it comes to modernizing when we're talking about putting an overhead transport system overhead, you have to think about all the other systems that this is getting connecting to right and when it comes to manufacturing wafers, they will know the nowadays it's not linear like you think of automotive or a widget type of manufacturing where you started sell one sell to sell three at a time here to sell 100 you're out the door with a car manufacturing for semiconductor. These wafers are going from process little process tool, and Gene litho cleaning, polishing and that has to do it again and again as it builds up the wafers. So this can take quite a long time, month to two months to bring up the finished product. And so when you look at the transportation of wafers and Fab is not linear, it's kind of very chaotic. And there's the IT systems manufacturing execution system, and they have schedulers and the schedulers are the ones that are doing the the route optimization and the scheduling of where the wafers need to go in. And then working with the human operators to make sure it gets there. So when you convert this and modernize it to an overhead transport this automatic like this, you need to make sure that those systems are tested and validated before you turn it off, because the second connector time you shut down these run 24/7 So you're working in a life that and then you have to go live with the transport system overhead. And so this is where we would want to have a digital twin. We want to test the system, the schedulers and have confidence that we turn on it's going to work as expected, where to go from humans to automatic and that all the optimization well planning is as we expect quite a difference from pushing carts around. And so this is where the digital twins come in. And a digital twin of a fab like this. We're talking right when Alfred was walking. This is a few kilometers of overhead track with 1000s of vehicles overhead. That's quite a large thing to make a digital twin. And so typically what you do is you would reduce make it smaller and smaller to this subset of so that we can make it 20. But that makes it a little difficult for a scheduler to have to work with one of these IT systems then tests because now you're testing a subset of not the entire file. And we go the next slide. This is where we realize this is what the Army verse can provide. Right? So rather than having just one subset of a digital twin, we can have multiple subsets of the digital twin. Bring it into the army verse stitch together, and now we have the digital twin of the fab. Now these IT systems, the schedulers can actually now test and validate against a complete fat digital twin. And this is kind of an example here of the omniverse and I came with that. So I

28:01
think it would do a couple of things about this project are number one is the routing logic. Each of those characters that routing logic has to be built into the simulation engines are quite computationally heavy. But the other thing and so brutally, there are 3000s of these things and you can't put them all in one model. It just overwhelms at least one simulation. So it has to be broken up into pieces. But actually, the facts are very modular. So a lot of a lot of pieces just repeat again and again. And so it's a perfect example that you can create one model with a copy paste, copy, paste, copy, paste, copy, paste, run 10 miles, which then end up being you know, effectively the whole file. But then you want to see the whole thing running together. So what do we do? Straight back?

28:43
And now you have a complete digital twin

28:56
I just thought we'd talk a second about deployment as it is a technical crowd. And I'll start by saying that, you know a lot of what we do today, I know this is slightly counter to the keynote but a lot of work in the meeting today is still you know, we do still use on prem Dell, Dell on prem boxes on the desk running a video RTX GPUs, I will say that either the new ADA class has has made a big improvement in performance we estimate like two and a half times faster than the previous generation. So we have a lot of on prem hardware, but we also now we do obviously, use the cloud sometimes so you'll sort of get about that same word. Yeah.

29:36
So we have what we have is called Factory Talk between studio this is part of our factory talk comm. This is our stats cloud platform. And this is where you would we have immutable we have version control systems. But this is also where we have what we're calling twin studio where you can run these digital twins, right? So that's the way if you don't have the hardware or hardware because when we start talking about Omni versus scaling up, sometimes not a single GPU, right, sometimes when you do a larger, I need the scalability that we have in the cloud. So that's what we're providing as a service here. So that way you don't if you don't have it to leverage on your own. You can use Rockwell to leverage it. And pay for as you use

Transcribed by https://otter.ai